Name: ramp
Description: A ramp is a vertical passageway which provides a human or vehicle circulation link between one floor level and another floor level at a different elevation. It may include a landing as an intermediate floor slab. A ramp normally does not include steps. Definition according to ISO 6707-1: Inclined way or floor joining two surfaces at different levels.
Properties:
Base Level: Sets the base of the ramp. Range of values: [Level 0, Level 1, Level 2, Level 3, Level 4, Level 5, Level 6, Level 7].
Base Offset: Sets the ramp's height from its base level. Range of values: DOUBLE.
Top Level: Sets the top of the ramp. Range of values: [None, Level 0, Level 1, Level 2, Level 3, Level 4, Level 5, Level 6, Level 7].
Top Offset: Sets the ramp's offset from the top level. Range of values: DOUBLE.
Multistory Top Level: Sets the top of the ramp in a multi-story building. Range of values: [None, Level 0, Level 1, Level 2, Level 3, Level 4, Level 5, Level 6, Level 7].
Width: Width of the ramp. Range of values: DOUBLE.
Comments: Specific comments about the ramp. Range of values: TEXT.
Shape: Applies a shape to the ramp for display purposes. Range of values: [Thick, Solid].
Thickness: Sets the thickness of the ramp. Range of values: DOUBLE.
Function: Indicates whether a ramp is interior (default value) or exterior. Range of values: [Interior, Exterior].
Material: Material applied to the surface of the ramp for rendering. Range of values: [Ceramic, Concrete, Earth, Glass, Masonry, Metal, Plastic, Stone, Textile, Wood].
Color: Color applied to the surface of the ramp for rendering. Range of values: [Red, Green, Blue, Yellow, Orange, Purple, Pink, Brown, Gray, White, Black].
Maximum Incline Length: Specifies the maximum amount of consecutive rise in a ramp before a landing is required. Range of values: DOUBLE.
Max Slope: Sets the value for the run (x) to define the maximum slope (1/x) for the ramp. Range of values: INT.
Type Comments: Ramp type comments. Range of values: TEXT.
Coordinate: The coordinate (vector) of the ramp. Range of values: READ-ONLY.