Name: wall
Description: The wall represents a vertical construction that may bound or subdivide spaces. Wall are usually vertical, or nearly vertical, planar elements, often designed to bear structural loads. A wall is however not required to be load bearing. A wall may have openings, such as wall openings, openings used for windows or doors, or niches and recesses. Definition according to ISO 6707-1: Vertical construction usually in masonry or in concrete which bounds or subdivides a construction works and fulfils a load bearing or retaining function.
Properties:
Base Constraint: The base level of the wall. Range of values: [Level 0, Level 1, Level 2, Level 3, Level 4, Level 5, Level 6, Level 7].
Base Offset: The wall's height from its base constraint. Range of values: DOUBLE.
Top Constraint: Wall height extends to the value specified in Unconnected Height. Range of values: [Unconnected, Level 0, Level 1, Level 2, Level 3, Level 4, Level 5, Level 6, Level 7].
Top Offset: The offset of the wall from the top level. Range of values: DOUBLE.
Unconnected Height: The height of the wall when it is sketched, measured upwards from its base. Range of values: DOUBLE.
Room Bounding: If selected, the wall is part of a room boundary. If cleared, the wall is not part of a room boundary. Range of values: [Yes, No].
Cross-Section: Determines whether the wall is vertical, slanted or tapered. Range of values: [Vertical, Slanted, Tapered].
Angle from Vertical: Displays only when Slanted is selected for Cross-Section. Specifies the angle for a slanted walls. Specify an angle between 90° and -90°, where 0° is vertical. Range of values: DOUBLE.
Structural: Indicates that the element has an analytical model. Checking this box indicates that the wall is structural. Range of values: [Yes, No].
Structural Usage: The structural usage of the wall. Range of values: [Bearing, Shear, Structural combined].
Comments: Specific comments added to describe the wall. Range of values: TEXT.
Wrapping at Inserts: Select either Do no wrap (default), Exterior, Interior, or Both. Sets the layer wrapping of walls at inserts. Range of values: [Do no wrap, Exterior, Interior, Both].
Wrapping at Ends: Select either None, Exterior, or Interior. Sets the layer wrapping of wall end caps. Range of values: [None, Exterior, Interior].
Width: Sets the width of the wall. Range of values: DOUBLE.
Function: Categorizes the wall as Exterior, Interior, Retaining, Foundation, Soffit, or Core-shaft. Range of values: [Exterior, Interior, Retaining, Foundation, Soffit, Core-shaft].
Material: The material for the wall. Range of values: [Ceramic, Concrete, Earth, Glass, Masonry, Metal, Plastic, Stone, Textile, Wood].
Color: The color for the wall. Range of values: [Red, Green, Blue, Yellow, Orange, Purple, Pink, Brown, Gray, White, Black].
Type Comments: A field for placing general comments about the wall type. Range of values: TEXT.
Length: The length of the wall. Range of values: READ-ONLY.
Area: The area of the wall. Range of values: READ-ONLY.
Volume: The volume of the wall. Range of values: READ-ONLY.
Coordinate: The coordinate (vector) of the wall. Range of values: READ-ONLY.